annot: Add little oil on a hot pan
ACTID: 0
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] little oil (-1)
[PP, location, on] a hot pan (-1)
annot: temper it with mustard seeds
ACTID: 1
PRED: temper
[DOBJ, food] it (0)
[PP, food, with] mustard seeds (-1)
annot: Add cumin seeds, green chili, curry leaf, tumeric, salt, citric acid
ACTID: 2
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] cumin seeds (-1), green chili (-1), curry leaf (-1), turmeric (-1), salt (-1), citric acid (-1)
[PP, food, ] (1)
annot: mix it lightly
ACTID: 3
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] it (2)
annot: Add little water
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] little water (-1)
[PP, food, ] (3)
annot: add chopped coriander, mint, mashed potatoes
ACTID: 5
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] chopped coriander (-1), mint (-1), mashed potatoes (-1)
[PP, food, ] (4)
annot: toss it
ACTID: 6
PRED: toss
[DOBJ, food] it (5)
annot: Take 300 grams of flour in a mixing bowl
ACTID: 7
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] 300 grams of flour (-1)
[PP, location, in] a mixing bowl (-1)
annot: add ajwine powder, salt
ACTID: 8
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] ajwine powder (-1), salt (-1)
[PP, food, ] (7)
annot: pour 100 grams of oil
ACTID: 9
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] 100 grams of oil (-1)
[PP, food, ] (8)
annot: add water in batches to make a thick dough
ACTID: 10
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] water in batches (-1)
[PP, food, ] (9)
annot: Cling wrap the dough
ACTID: 11
PRED: wrap
[DOBJ, food] the dough (10)
annot: let it rest for 30 minutes
ACTID: 12
PRED: let
[DOBJ, food] it (11)
[PP, other, for] 30 minutes (-1)
annot: Divide the dough into pieces
ACTID: 13
PRED: divide
[DOBJ, food] the dough (12)
[PP, other, into] pieces (-1)
annot: roll the dough into small circular shape
ACTID: 14
PRED: roll
[DOBJ, food] the dough (13)
[PP, other, into] small circular shape (-1)
annot: cut it into half
ACTID: 15
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] it (14)
[PP, other, into] half (-1)
annot: wet the edges
ACTID: 16
PRED: wet
[DOBJ, food] the edges (15)
annot: form a cone
ACTID: 17
PRED: form
[DOBJ, food] a cone (-1)
[PP, food, ] (16)
annot: stuff the potato masala inside
ACTID: 18
PRED: stuff
[DOBJ, food] the potato masala (6)
[PP, food, inside] (17)
annot: press the edges together hard to seal it
ACTID: 19
PRED: press
[DOBJ, food] the edges (18)
annot: Fry the samosas in oil until golden
ACTID: 20
PRED: fry
[DOBJ, food] the samosas (19)
[PP, food, in] oil (-1)
[PP, food, until] golden (-1)